add option to hide unbound actions in hotkey overlay (#1618)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Miscellaneous.md

}
```

#### `hide-unbound`

> Set the `hide-unbound` flag if you don't want to see actions that haven't been bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, niri will show the most important actions even if they aren't bound to any key, to prevent confusion.
Set the `hide-unbound` flag if you want to hide all actions not bound to any key.
```
